Bank Management System project is written in Python. The project file contains a python script (main.py) and a database file. This is a simple console based system which is very easy to understand and use. Talking about the system, it contains all the basic functions which include creating a new account, view account holders record, withdraws and deposit amount, balance inquiry, closing an account and edit account details. In this mini project, there is no such login system. This means he/she can use all those available features easily without any restriction. It is too easy to use, he/she can check the total bank account records easily.

Talking about the features of the Bank Management System, a user can create an account by providing the name of the account holder, number, selecting amount type (Saving account or Current account) and providing an initial amount more than or equal to 500. Then the user can also deposit and withdraw money just by providing his/her account and entering the amount. For certain purpose, he/she can also check for the balance inquiry which displays the account number and amount. He/she can also view all the account holder’s list. Another feature is that he/she can modify their account detail and type if they want to.

This simple console based Bank Management system provides the simplest management of bank account and transaction. In short, this projects mainly focus on CRUD. There’s an external database connection file used in this mini project to save user’s data permanently.

In order to run the project, you must have installed Python, on your PC. This is a simple Console Based system, specially written for the beginners. Bank Management System in Python project with source code is free to download. Use for education purpose only! For the project demo, have a look at the YouTube Video above.

How To Run :
first you need install python.
download project.
extract project.
double click in main.py.
Project is run
Thanks ....